Why do you say I am a liar?
I only give you 50 thousand.
I bought this jade pendant for you, why are you here?
scare me
Are you selling me as fake jade?
How is that possible, little friend?
You said you have this photo, Mr. Vuong?
Yes, I paid 1 million for this jade pendant, but this money.
He refused.
Just so you know, Lindy knows you screwed up.
The location of the treasure trove is good, I paid thanks.
Old man, this is the money to buy the jade pendant, take it.
Thank you so much, bro.
If not, my niece will not wait for this money for treatment.
Hey old man, I see this jade is not an extraordinary product.
How can there be such a shortage of money?
Actually I came to avoid trouble.
The amount of money brought is not much.
And my niece has a strange disease.
Long-term treatment is not effective.
A while ago after returning people still not.
Don't know this time either.
Old man, take your time.
If not I will take you to see the situation.
I am also a doctor.
If you have encountered it, you can not ignore it anymore.
Lao Ha recorded your kindness.